again hey thank you so much oh don't
thank me thank the jerk that never
showed up okay I gotta get to work you
want some help with that no no thanks I
got it no I don't stand up to fast get a
little head rush the heat and the
humidity that's a that's a tough
combination do you want to come in for
some lemonade like you wouldn't believe
wow this is a great place thank you
just make yourself comfortable gotcha
this place is really my grandmother's I
[Applause]
got it from her when she moved to
Florida otherwise I could never afford
it please like this
so if the landlord ever asks I'm an 87
year old woman who's afraid of her VCR
you thirsty oh you bet I am okay here's
your penis
[Applause]
oh my god how are you you said you want
to come in for some lemonade so we're
just gonna give me lemonade yeah
sorry this means someone asks you in for
lemonade and to you that means they want
to have sex usually yeah not just
lemonade iced tea sometimes juice
sorry I thought you liked me such a jerk
it's okay suppose it could happen to
anyone not anyone I know what by the way
I can still see it
[Music]